Initial proposal for README.md (#46)
grafana/play-thema: README.md

# Thema Playground

> Thema Playground is an online service that allows users to write and run [Thema](https://github.com/grafana/thema) code
> in a safe and sandboxed environment.
> It's accessible via a web browser (available at [grafana.github.io/play-thema](grafana.github.io/play-thema)), and it
> doesn't require you to install [Thema](https://github.com/grafana/thema) on your own computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thema Playground is an online service that provides a safe and sandboxed environment for users to write and execute [Thema](https://github.com/grafana/thema) code. Accessible via a web browser at [grafana.github.io/play-thema](https://grafana.github.io/play-thema), it eliminates the need for users to install [Thema](https://github.com/grafana/thema) on their personal computers.
```

> It is primarily used for sharing and running Thema snippets.
> So, you can write Thema code, compile and run it, and see the output directly in the web interface.
> It's particularly useful for demonstrating Thema code behavior, asking for help with Thema code, learning the Thema
> language or its [operations](https://github.com/grafana/thema/blob/main/docs/overview.md#about-thema-operations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is primarily designed for sharing and executing Thema snippets. 
It allows you to write Thema code, compile, and run it, with the output being displayed directly within the web interface. 
It's a particularly valuable tool for demonstrating the behavior of Thema code, seeking assistance with Thema-related challenges, or learning the intricacies of the Thema language, including its [operations](https://github.com/grafana/thema/blob/main/docs/overview.md#about-thema-operations).

```

## Development

### Dependencies

To set up and run this project locally, you will need the following dependencies:

1. [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
2. [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
3. [Go](https://golang.org/)

### Running the project locally

1. Clone the [Thema Playground](https://github.com/grafana/play-thema) repository.

2. Install the application dependencies:
    ```bash
    make deps
    ```

> 3. Build the WASM artifact from Go code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Build the WASM artifact from the Go source code
```

    ```bash
    make wasm
    ```
4. Run the application
    ```bash
    make start
    ```
   This will start the development server on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

> Alternatively, you can just run `make run` after having installed the dependencies, which does steps 3 and 4 in a single shot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, after installing the necessary dependencies, you can run `make run`. This command performs steps 3 and 4 in a single operation.
```

> ### Running the project locally
> 
> 1. Clone the [Thema Playground](https://github.com/grafana/play-thema) repository.
> 
> 2. Install the application dependencies:
>     ```bash
>     make deps
>     ```
> 3. Build the WASM artifact from Go code
>     ```bash
>     make wasm
>     ```
> 4. Run the application
>     ```bash
>     make start
>     ```
>    This will start the development server on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).
> 
> Alternatively, you can just run `make run` after having installed the dependencies, which does steps 3 and 4 in a single shot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this section is duplicated.
